As for Gu Sisi
Let's sing in prison with Ye Haochen
Xixi don't
Don't let me go
Mr. Ye Haochen
You and Miss Gu Sisi are suspected of kidnapping and murder
The right cabinet is now handing you over to the police to take you away
Xixi is quiet
I was wrong, quiet, I was wrong, quiet.
Yo, it's so hilarious, Dad
I told you so.
This girl is not easy
Grandpa, please come to your engagement party
How could we not come?
Even if you want to take care of your family and be your son-in-law in the future
Is the Shen family still going back?
That's right, big brother.
In the future, the Shen family will depend on me
Yan Zhen is steady and decisive
The ability to do things is obvious to all
If Yan Zhen hadn't turned the tide back then
Let the Shen family turn to danger
Thanks to you in the future
I'm afraid begging on the street
But Dad, didn't you say before?
Isn't the position in the family necessarily the only way to do it?
That's what I said.
But the verification did nothing wrong
The Shen family can only be him
Take advantage of today, I have to take the Shen family property
Pass it all on to Yan Zhen
My son is capable too.
Why?
The ability bestowed by Shen Jun
It is to gamble all the shares of your Shen family
Lost the bet
So
You have nothing to do with the Shen family now
It's just unreasonable
You think you are a down payment daughter
Can you bully people casually?
Shut up!
The Shen family has a little boy in the forest farm who is doing well
Enough for your family
Pack it up tomorrow
I have been very tolerant of you.
You embezzled company funds
And they gambled their shares in the company.
Not only get nothing
And it's not bad.
Grandpa
I'll ask Linghua to send you back to rest.
Hello, Mr. Wu.
My name is Chen Yanzhen
It's Jinxi's husband
Although you want to marry my precious daughter, I can't bear it
But
Discreet likes to come
Dad wishes you
Happiness thank you dad
Thank you auntie thank you auntie hahahaha
I gave you my baby girl
Don't let me eat it.
I will definitely love her more than myself
Keep her safe
There must be her happiness
Mr. Shen
I'm just a singer, will you marry me?
I would love it.